---
title: Quiz 01
...

# Instructions

Answer each of the questions below. 

You may submit your responses in plain text, pdf (generated by LaTeX or any tool you'd like), or an image of a  handwritten response (as long as your handwriting in the image is legible). Call these quiz01.txt, quiz01.pdf, or quiz01.jpg respectively. If your answer will be making heavy use of mathematical notation, please submit a pdf that you composed in LaTeX.

Each answer should be no more than a single paragraph, but in most cases just a couple of sentences will be sufficient. You're welcome to write more than a paragraph if you're eager to discuss in-depth, so long as you clearly identify a single paragraph for us to grade.


# Questions

1. **Integrity:** The syllabus gives different rules regarding collaborations for different assignments. Please read the [collaboration rules](https://www.cs.virginia.edu/~njb2b/cstheory/s2020/syllabus.html#no-plagiarism-nor-anything-like-it) for each kind of task. We mention that, for exercises, we welcome and encourage collaboration with classmates and use of external materials to supplement your learning. We then give 3 qualifications in the itemized list (independent write-ups, understand what you submit, cite each thing that wasn't your work). Why do we encourage collaboration? Why did we add each of the three qualifications? (Give one reason for each thing, so 4 reasons total.)

1. **Sets:** We discussed in class that although we often use math to talk about computing and we often implement math with computers, there's typically a disconnect between math and computing. Name and discuss two ways that the behavior of our implementation of mset from exercise0_3 is unlike that of sets from math. Please include a hypothetical example to illustrate each difference.

1. **Strings:** In our "vague" overview of computing models we said that, when we compute, we implement a function mapping strings to strings. Name and describe one reason why we chose strings as the input/output type.

1. **Infinity:** Following on from the previous question, why will we consider only finite-length strings in our models of computing?

1. **Computability:** Suppose I told my middle-school aged cousin "Computers can't do everything" and she responds with "Why not?". Suggest an answer to her question using something you've learned in lecture.


