---
title: Quiz 04
...

# Instructions

Answer each of the questions below. 

You may submit your responses in plain text, pdf (generated by LaTeX or any tool you'd like), or an image of a  handwritten response (as long as your handwriting in the image is legible). Call these quiz03.txt, quiz03.pdf, or quiz03.jpg/quiz03.png respectively. If your answer will be making heavy use of mathematical notation, please submit a pdf that you composed in LaTeX.

Each answer should be no more than a single paragraph, but in most cases just a couple of sentences will be sufficient. You're welcome to write more than a paragraph if you're eager to discuss in-depth, so long as you clearly identify a single paragraph for us to grade.


# Questions

## Why even talk about those circuits?:

We just started talking about finite state automata. This model of computing is strictly more powerful than circuits were. Why did we even bother discussing circuits if finite state automata can do everything they could and more? (Give 2 reasons)

## Read-Once:

In the execution of a finite state automaton, we said we could only read the input once, from left to right, never looking back. Consider what might happen if we changed the execution so that it could look back at the input string more than once. Name one way that the rules for returning might break down.

## Mr. Kleene, Mr. Kleene, Mr. Kleene:

One of our components for regular expressions what the Kleene star. Describe as precisely as you can the languages we could express using regular expressions without a Kleene star.

