---
title: Quiz 05
...

# Instructions

Answer each of the questions below. 

You may submit your responses in plain text, pdf (generated by LaTeX or any tool you'd like), or an image of a  handwritten response (as long as your handwriting in the image is legible). Call these quiz05.txt, quiz05.pdf, or quiz05.jpg/quiz05.png respectively. If your answer will be making heavy use of mathematical notation, please submit a pdf that you composed in LaTeX.

Each answer should be no more than a single paragraph, but in most cases just a couple of sentences will be sufficient. You're welcome to write more than a paragraph if you're eager to discuss in-depth, so long as you clearly identify a single paragraph for us to grade.


# Questions

## Kleene Star

In class, we showed how we could take a NFA for a language L, and construct an NFA for the language L*. In this construction, in order to ensure the NFA returned 1 for the empty string, we created a brand new final state, and added an epsilon transition from the original start state to the new state. Why could we not simply make the start state become a final state?

## Subset construction

Non-deterministic NFAs can sometimes compute a language using fewer states than any DFA which computes that same language. If we have an NFA that computes a language using n states, what is an upper bound on the number of states necessary for a DFA to compute that same language? How do we know that?

## DFAs are NFAs

Why can we say that every DFA is also an NFA? Why isn't the converse true (i.e. Every NFA is also a DFA)?

