---
title: Quiz 02
...

# Instructions

Answer each of the questions below. 

You may submit your responses in plain text, pdf (generated by LaTeX or any tool you'd like), or an image of a  handwritten response (as long as your handwriting in the image is legible). Call these quiz02.txt, quiz02.pdf, or quiz02.jpg respectively. If your answer will be making heavy use of mathematical notation, please submit a pdf that you composed in LaTeX.

Each answer should be no more than a single paragraph, but in most cases just a couple of sentences will be sufficient. You're welcome to write more than a paragraph if you're eager to discuss in-depth, so long as you clearly identify a single paragraph for us to grade.


# Questions

## Programming:

Consider the AON-Straightline programming language discussed in class. Certainly you could convert any AON-Straightline program into an equivalent Java/Python program. AON-Straightline programs only allow for variable assignment and boolean operations (specifically AND, OR, and NOT), all of which can easily be implemented in Java/Python. However, there are constructs in Java/Python that are *not* present in AON-Straightline, for example:

1. Values of type int
1. Arrays of binary values
1. If statements
1. For loops
1. While loops

Consider that we added each of the above constructs to our AON programming language one at a time (and only one at a time, so we remove one thing before adding in the next). Intuitively which ones would add "more power" to the AON-Straightline language discussed in class? In other words, which of those constructs could I "mimic" with the original AON-Straightline language, and which constructs allow me to do things I couldn't have done with the original language? It's ok if your answer does not end up being correct, so long as you describe your intuitive reasoning.

## Circuits:

Why can't our AON-circuits have "cycles" in them (e.g. gate A connects to gate B which connects to gate C which connects to gate A)? Specifically, what about our execution rules would "break"?

## Hardware vs Software:

In practice, are hardware and programming languages equivalently "powerful" in terms of the functions each can compute? Is one more powerful than the other, or are there some things that each can compute that the other cannot? Pick one choice and justify your answer.


