---
title: Quiz 08
...

# Instructions

Answer each of the questions below. 

You may submit your responses in plain text, pdf (generated by LaTeX or any tool you'd like), or an image of a  handwritten response (as long as your handwriting in the image is legible). Call these quiz08.txt, quiz08.pdf, or quiz08.jpg/quiz08.png respectively. If your answer will be making heavy use of mathematical notation, please submit a pdf that you composed in LaTeX.

Each answer should be no more than a single paragraph, but in most cases just a couple of sentences will be sufficient. You're welcome to write more than a paragraph if you're eager to discuss in-depth, so long as you clearly identify a single paragraph for us to grade.


# Questions

##  People being wrong on the Internet

[This youtube video on P vs NP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJUEkjxylBw) is packed with false statements. Please answer the following questions about the video.

- In the 5 seconds between time stamp 0:25 and 0:30 he says two incorrect things about NP. Identify both and correct his statements.
- What is wrong with his discussion of P vs NP that begins at time stamp 0:35 (name two issues)? Name something he gets right during this discussion.
- After watching this video, do you prefer The Simpsons or Futurama?

## What proves P=NP?

For each of the following statements below, indicate whether it would resolve the P=NP problem. If it would resolve it, indicate the direction it would be resolved. If it would not resolve it, explain why.

- A problem from class EXP is found to be in class P
- A problem from class EXP is found to be in class NP-Hard
- A problem from class NP-Hard is found to be in class P
- A problem from class NP-Hard is found to be in class NP
- A problem from class NP-Hard is found to be outside of the class P



