---
title: Quiz 05
...

# Instructions

Answer each of the questions below. 

You may submit your responses in plain text, pdf (generated by LaTeX or any tool you'd like), or an image of a  handwritten response (as long as your handwriting in the image is legible). Call these quiz06.txt, quiz06.pdf, or quiz06.jpg/quiz06.png respectively. If your answer will be making heavy use of mathematical notation, please submit a pdf that you composed in LaTeX.

Each answer should be no more than a single paragraph, but in most cases just a couple of sentences will be sufficient. You're welcome to write more than a paragraph if you're eager to discuss in-depth, so long as you clearly identify a single paragraph for us to grade.

Questions 2 and 3 will draw from the textbook sections 6.2 and 6.3. Please read those before attempting those questions.


# Questions

## Laptops vs Turing Machines

Name at least one thing a Turing Machine can do that your laptop cannot. Name at least one thing your laptop can do that a Turing Machine cannot. Describe as precisely as you can the things that they both can do.

## NAND-LOOP vs NAND-CIRC

The `NAND-TM` language is defined by adding both loops and arrays to `NAND-CIRC` (via the `MODANDJUMP` instruction). Define `NAND-LOOP` to be `NAND-CIRC` with just loops (and not arrays). Are there any functions `NAND-LOOP` can compute that `NAND-CIRC` can't? Give an intuitive justification of your answer.

## NAND-ARRAY vs NAND-CIRC

The `NAND-TM` language is defined by adding both loops and arrays to `NAND-CIRC`(via the `MODANDJUMP` instruction) . Define `NAND-ARRAY` to be `NAND-CIRC` with just arrays (and not loops). Are there any functions `NAND-ARRAY` can compute that `NAND-CIRC` can't? Give an intuitive justification of your answer.

To get arrays without loops, we will define operations similar to `MODANDJUMP`, except they won't do the "jump" part:

- `INC(v)`: Takes a bit `v` as input, and if `v` is 1, it will increase the value at index `i` to by 1.
- `DEC(v)`: Takes a bit `v` as input, and if `v` is 0, it will decrease the value at index `i` to by 1 (or leave it at 0 if it was already 0).

