---
title: Quiz 03
...

# Instructions

Answer each of the questions below. 

You may submit your responses in plain text, pdf (generated by LaTeX or any tool you'd like), or an image of a  handwritten response (as long as your handwriting in the image is legible). Call these quiz03.txt, quiz03.pdf, or quiz03.jpg/quiz03.png respectively. If your answer will be making heavy use of mathematical notation, please submit a pdf that you composed in LaTeX.

Each answer should be no more than a single paragraph, but in most cases just a couple of sentences will be sufficient. You're welcome to write more than a paragraph if you're eager to discuss in-depth, so long as you clearly identify a single paragraph for us to grade.


# Questions

## Lookup:

When discussing LOOKUP, we had to parameterize the function. That is, we did not just talk about LOOKUP, but defined LOOKUP_k (subscript k), where k referred to the number of bits in the index. This means that LOOKUP_1 is a different function from LOOKUP_2, which is different from LOOKUP_3, etc. Why did we need different versions of LOOKUP for different-sized arrays/indexes? Why didn't we just have one LOOKUP?

## Why not just Circuits?:

We showed in class that every finite function can be computed by some AON-Circuit. If AON-Circuits can do so many things, why don't we use hardware that just implements AON-Circuits, and why don't we just use the AON-Straightline programming language (i.e., why might we want to discuss more models of computing)? Name three reasons.

## Assignment Deadlines:

So far, I've been splitting the assignments roughly in half, and setting each half to have a Tuesday/Thursday deadline. This is a new thing I'm trying this semester, and would really appreciate your feedback. The reasons I've tried this are:

- Early in the semester you likely have little context for how long assignments/problems might take you. By splitting the deadlines it compels you to begin at least some problems a little bit sooner.
- If you fall behind on one group of problems, you're not necessarily falling behind on a whole problem set, so you're more likely to submit more things on time.
- It shortens office hours queues. If there are more problems due at the same time, there will be more questions from you and your peers, and so more people will be at office hours for more time when we're close to a deadline. Having more frequent deadlines should balance out office hours attendance.
- If there are some problems intended to help you develop useful insights for other problems, I can make the former problems due earlier, therefore reducing the amount you might struggle with the latter problems from attempting them out of order.

With this in mind, which would you prefer?

1. Keep the current deadline structure.
1. Keep the half-and-half deadline structure, but change which days are due days (e.g. Monday/Wednesday, Tuesday/Friday, etc.)
1. Have all exercises from a unit due on the same day at the same time.
1. Scatter the exercise deadlines even more. Make it so that deadlines are more frequent than they are now, but with maybe 1-2 exercises due per each.
1. Everything should just be due on the day of the relevant exam.

Please indicate your preference. Include your rationale for why that option might be best for learning, the overall structure of the course, the work-life-school balance of you or your peers, or reducing anxiety (I know many of you have daily struggles with this, and I would like to do everything I can to help you manage it).
